Add Nanostring AI document (#78)
nf-core/nanostring: CHANGELOG.md

### `Changed`

- [#71](https://github.com/nf-core/nanostring/pull/71) - Made column `RCC_FILE_NAME` mandatory

> - Added Nanostring Tubemap original designfile to repository for future changes, fixed typo in document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#78](https://github.com/nf-core/nanostring/pull/78) - Added Nanostring Tubemap original designfile to repository for future changes, fixed typo and removed version in picture
```
